so technological environment in which I worked. It was chief engineer
on the war years, which waas the first ages cruiser to the fleet. Lot
one ages One point. We'll say we're on lock 12. So it was pretty high
tech at the time over. Actually, I must admit that your system on
the road is all right now she is underwater. You got the Davy Jones
and technology that she was had while high tech at the time it kept
coming. So what can you do to be better at it is read up on it, be
available to be attentive Jury. Do not be afraid that calls go. Embrace
it. Yes, you can. Because when people say love change, no change
is change. Okay? Nobody really loves it because they're comfortable
with what they just learned. How you're introducing a new baseline.
12.1, just 12. This Lord 11. I just got comfortable with my iPhone
nine. I was 10 axe. Now there's a left. What was the matter with a
glass? So the technologies are gonna come and they are gonna change
your essay. Do is have an open mind to try it, fiddle with it and don't
play with it. Try to break it, trying to break it. You're just trying
to understand how it works. You haven't opened like that.